Create PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#91)
gr4vy/gr4vy-embed: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# Description

Please include a summary of the change and which issue is fixed.

Fixes # (issue)

## Checklist

- [ ] My code follows the style guidelines of this project
- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my own changes
- [ ] I have run `yarn lint` to make sure my changes pass all tests
- [ ] I have run `yarn test` to make sure my changes pass all linters
- [ ] I have pulled the latest changes from the upstream `main` branch

> - [ ] I have tested both the react and the cnd versions, locally and on spider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have tested both the react and the CDN versions on local and integration environments
```
